c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll.config
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
c:\users\boulanti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
C:\Users\BOULANTI\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_en.resources
C:\Users\BOULANTI\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_fr.resources
C:\Users\BOULANTI\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll.config
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_en.resources
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_fr.resources
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.CopyComplete
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
Z:\CESI\ASP\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll.config
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_en.resources
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.I18n_fr.resources
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.dll
C:\Users\omega\Desktop\WebApplicationMVCStat (1)\WebApplicationMVCStat\WebApplicationMVCStat\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVCStat.pdb
